W-17218010 Update task-config-readiness-liveness.adoc (#699)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.8/modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/task-config-readiness-liveness.adoc

+
The default Kubernetes readiness probe is configured to be error-tolerant. This enables Flex Gateway to scale even though there might be configuration errors. To learn more about error tolerance, see <<configure-error-tolerance>>.
+

> NOTE: By default, Flex Gateways running in Kubernetes or Openshift use a readiness probe. If there's no API deployed to your Flex Gateway instance, the readiness state is `false`. This is not an issue with custom readiness probe configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: By default, Flex Gateways running in Kubernetes or Openshift use a readiness probe. If there's no API deployed to your Flex Gateway instance, the readiness state is `false`. This isn’t an issue with custom readiness probe configurations.
```
